went to the heart of not buying the
entraña of this house and outside
if it were a little easier then
now
the little bit more or less than five
centimeters put there
with these millions I have more cut
and now instead of cutting doctors
Taras and will cost a lot
sorry we could them
the metal is a cookbook
listening to music dancing taking you
good in family
in that one next door and so because you are born
because it comes out because the senses
give a hug
Now that he likes love
it was the moment that sherman would have to
have taken advantage of
the hug fell asleep
my god stayed there late
Well then cuts here
now he cut it so he does not eat that then
turn
they are breaking the pounds that later
they separate much more easily with your
teeth
this is the first thing that meat then
takes it out first and then cut in
segments and then through fiber
blood with my yellow skirt
clear as I love you
we invite you to talk
p
it looks like a sack and the
manga and pretty serious really is
here it is clear
if there is something that he also causes already
that afterwards he left in the future
you're going to put them more or less prepared the
meat that I put a little oil
but I did not put
now a little mushroom and it's
relatively new you know that no
nothing happens if I work it
and many times we did it surely the
file to send to the front was once
to listen to record it properly
everything is everything that comes to your home I
I have to apply them in rowing also the
point is to leave them beautiful in soaking
because look at the structure that the
inner side of the hat
like lettuce a lot of time and it's going to
absorb something always